# Message In A Bottle App - System Requirements

## Version 1.0 – June 2025

## Table of Contents

- [Project Description](#project-description)
- [Roles](#roles)
- [Planned Features](#planned-features)
  - [Browsing and Downloading](#21-song-selection)
  - [Basic Search](#22-connectivity-and-sharing)
  - [Advanced Query Matching](#23-user-statistics)
- [Tech Stack](#tech-stack-overview)
- [Notes](#notes)
  - [Priority List and Roadmap](#51-priority-list-and-roadmap)

---

## Project Description

Spotify add-on application that allows users to browse and select a number of songs from the spotify library. The functionality of the app is such that upon two users with the application encountering, the devices with the app installed 'trade' a song from each of their selections, storing up to a maximum of five throughout a day. Once the app is opened post 'trade', the user is able to listen to whichever songs they have recieved. Each user's profile contains statistics and a taste map, allowing them to be viewed and searched. This app is aimed towards those with an interest in music, or who would enjoy diversifying their music taste.

---

## Roles

| Person | Role                                                    |
| ------ | ------------------------------------------------------- |
| OLIVER | Lead App Developer                                      |
| FINN   | Lead Connectivity Developer and Tester                  |

---

## Planned Features

### 2.1 Song Selection

- Access to whole library of Spotify's music.
- Searching through libraries using Spotify's search.
- Visual renders of user's selection of songs (maximum of five).
- Statistics registered to each song and displayed to user.

### 2.2 Connectivity and Sharing

- Confirmationless connectivity between nearby devices with app.
- Transfer of songs between the users.
- Alerts for song transmissions.
- Filtering of harmful content.

### 2.3 User Statistics

- App maintains data about user activity to generate 'scores'.
- Scores and selection displayable to user and others.
- Users searchable by username to 'follow' and check statistics.
- Taste map generated by user activity.


---

## Tech Stack Overview

| Area               | Technology            | Purpose                   |
| ------------------ | --------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Frontend           | React Native          | UI                        |


---

## Notes

### 4.1 Priority List and Roadmap

**Sprint 1:**

- Primary Connectivity: Establish first wireless connection between two devices.
- Primary Transmission: Establish first transmission of data between two connected devices.
- Home Page: Basic UI display of a Spotify Library API.
- Search and Selection: Live song previews and visual representation of selections.

**Sprint 2:**

- X

**Sprint 3:**

- X